Be honest with me
The young master has already collected the money for you
It was you
Brother Qin, stay safe
Are you surprised to see me?
It seems that you are not called Zhouquan.
Your surname is Sun. What is your relationship with Sun Li?
Brother Qin is really smart
Not bad, my surname is Sun Mingqi
Sun Li, the head of the Ministry of Protection, is my father
You are Sun Li's son
So
The book in the dry well chamber
You took it too.
also right
You are the only one who has touched that laser river except me.
Only you
Have a chance to get there before me
So
You did the viper in my room too
Hahaha
It's just a little trick
Can't blame me.
The only thing to blame is that you are too easy to trust others
It seems that I am doomed today